# Hauntings and Dark Pasts

Coming out of the school about midday, George, Gabriel and Kyle are discussing what they can do next, Gabriel has a few ideas on different angles they can try. Kyle quizzes George on the kidnapping, specifically, how it happened. George asks Gabriel about the two guys, Edmund and Barty, who are they? how does he know them? Why do they seem to know things about the situation? George avoids difficult questions by talking about smiting and cricket. As they exit the school they see Sean go down, with Edmund and Barty rushing over to try and help. Gabriel reacts quickest getting to Sean before the others, he makes it clear to Edmund and Barty that they need to leave.

Two things quickly become apparent. Samuel's quill case is gone, and Sean is more badly hurt than first realised, some kind of paralytic it appears. Gabriel asks Samuel where he thinks he is, Samuel exits the quill case and scares the bejesus out of the people who stole it and everyone else in the bar, with the expectation of one well dressed gentleman sitting at a table sipping his cup of tea. Samuel, with a final flourish, sinks through the floor into the basement.

George at this point tries to bamf Sean away to the safety of the medical experts back at base. He really isn't so good at taking other people with him and ends up at the last place he tried to bamf from, the upper floor of the gatehouse of the Appledore mansion. They can hear Frostholm's goons on the ground floor so they keep quiet, not a problem for Sean right now he's barely conscious. They find out that Frostholm doesn't yet have his Alpha vampire.

Back at the pub, Samuel having told them where he is, Gabriel and Kyle bust into the confusion claiming to be official police ghost experts and try to get the situation under control and the quill case back. However they have no idea which man has it. The well dressed man introduces himself as Reginald Moore, the ghost expert giving the talk later. Reginald questions Gabriel and Kyle's story that they are part of the police ghost hunters section, a discussion occurs. Meanwhile Gabriel uses a rock he picked up and scratched a rune onto as a fake ghost hunting device in an attempt to quiet Reginald and find the quill case. Everyone left in the pub is starting to think that's something is fake. At the behest of police ghost hunters Samuel reappears and scares most of the rest of the members of the public in the pub half to death with a deliberate attempt to petrify everyone, Gabriel, Kyle and Reginald remain suspiciously calm. Together they work out which of the remaining men has the quill case, Samuel fears him using magic, Kyle jumps on him, in an attempt to get the quill case, it falls out and slides towards Reginald. Kyle start the long process of getting back up.

Gabriel meanwhile tries to manipulate using his whip blade. Reginald goes for the case and treads on the whip blade, snapping it. Samuel continues his attempts to scare everyone away from his case. Finally Gabriel picks it up and pockets it, but in the process Reginald manages to pin him to the wall of the pub. Kyle grabs him and throws Reginald to the ground. They discuss leaving... promptly. All over the pub and outside the ghostly apparition is the only topic of conversation as people try to make sense of what they have seen or been told.

Back at the gatehouse, George and the now slightly more compos mentis Sean, try to sneak out of the fire escape the previous rescuers had used. Descending they make slightly too much noise and alert the goons on the ground floor as to their presence. George spots a convenient horse and throwing Sean onto it he jumps on and high tails it down the road towards the village. The goons also grabs horses from the stable, they are slower getting to horse, but catch up as George is effectively two up on his nag.

George has gained the assistance of a lesser being who has appeared to him as a snowy owl. the owl flies directly at the face of the lead pursuer. The first rider goes down hard, horses and men crash everywhere and George is able to ride off into the sunset towards the village. As he approaches the village he sees Gabriel and Kyle getting into the carriage and quickly dismounts, moves the body of Sean into the coach and they are off along the road asap. The coach has been broken into and searched but seems to be working fine. Kyle re-searches the coach for any food that may have been left uneaten.

On the way home the coach throws a wheel, after it breaks on a pot-hole. The crew try to decide what to do about it, as evening is falling. They decide to try and fix it with a lever and the spare wheel on the coach. The fix takes a few hours. Kyle is keen on George using his wings to bamf everyone back to London. The driver remembers that the landlord in Oxley had given him a telegram for George and chooses this moment to hand it over.

The telegram is from Vanessa, requesting immediate help. They decide to stay at a coaching inn they pass. George has other ideas and bamfs back to the Ambers Society on his own this time and after being berated by Clerkonwell heads off to the offices of The Times looking for Vanessa.

The rest of the motley crew decide to follow in the coach to back George up. Kyle uses his dark pasts and is presented by the image of a bridge. They come to a bridge and are stopped by an other wordly tollkeeper. The bridge shrouded in deep fog and is made of stones that appear to come alive with the ghostly apparitions, the ghosts appear to be trapped in the stones. The tollkeeper demands a steep price for being allowed over the bridge. A life, A secret or a piece of someone's soul. After a discussion attempting to trick the tollkeeper that fails. Kyle gives up the memory of Isadora the woman he had a previous relationship with and who he was hoping to get some information from about the Egyptian tablet of the dead. He tells the tollkeeper that he wronged her by repeatedly sleeping with her sister. He now can't remember her and will suffer ongoing in his attempts to drag memories from his dark past.

At the newspaper, George talks his way into getting someone to check Vanessa's office. He is given a address that had been left for him by Vanessa, it looks like Vanessa's home address. George makes all speed in that direction.

## Questions
* Where will Frostholm get his alpha vampire from now?
* How will kyle handle meeting Isadora in the future now he has forgotten her and their entire relationship?
* What has Vanessa gotten herself involved in?
* Is George walking into a trap?

[back to index](index)