# Check out the docks he said...

It's 10am, our hunters are done with breakfast. Clerkonwell appears in the lounge and tells them that another member of the Veiled Dawn, Percival Hawthornberry was sent yesterday to an old dock near the slaughter house that the werewolves are holed up in to investigate another matter. He hasn't checked in since he left and Clerkonwell asks the group to check it out if they are down that way. Options are discussed, going to see the reporter or looking for Percival. There is also a discussion about trying not to kill everything in case something useful can be gleaned. The rescue mission is deemed higher priority and they leave for the river Thames to find the Ambers Society's river dingy. They take to the water, Samuel confines himself to his quill case, George and Kyle have dressed the part but Sean has definiety not and decides he is being taken on a river cruise by the others. En route to the Millwall dock they manage to lose their oars in a bit of a comedy sailing accident.

In order to get past the lock keeper at the Millwall dock they have a discussion about getting their boat's left phalanges repaired inside and then with an additional bribe of sausages that Sean just happened to have with him they get through the lock and head for a piece of dock wall near their target the dilapidated Graying Dock. As they pass the slaughter house they can see that there are plenty of guards on high alert. Samuel heads off on a scouting mission, while Sean goes in the other direction looking for some new oars. The Oars are purchases for £2 even though this is a total rip off. Samuel meets a strange almost invisible octopus like creature outside the dock building, it tries to restrain him but on finding he is incorporeal heads off around the back. 

Samuel takes a look through the wall, and see two men being restrained but more of these dogs sized hench-octopuses. He can see two men, one of which is Percival and one is dressed like a local dock worker or slaughter house guard, being restrained by octopusses. They both look as if they are not fighting to break their restraints, they looked drained. There are two other hench-octopuses milling around. Samuel also notes the proper entrances and exits, one to the rear and the river doors to the front. They plan and start their assault of the dock building to rescue Percival. George bamfs onto the roof looking to bamf away with Percival if he can. Sean and Kyle head around back, Sean's keen senses for the useful find a couple of sacks of Diatomaceous Earth. Sean uses the earth to block the path of one on the hench-octopusses while Kyle tries to get to the captives down the other end of the building. Samuel goes extra ghosty and saves Kyle at one point. George bamfs to the captive and frees Percival, the other man wakes up and asks to be rescued. More fighting ensues and then a large man sized creature (see pic in discord chat) appears in the water and he is overcome by consecrated earth and good old guns and swords. It's a messy fight but out heros prevail without taking too much harm.

The other man is freed and interrogated, turns out he is one of the werewolves who was nabbed by the hench octopusses, both he and Percival were being drained to feed the big lad. Under more intense interrogation he give our merry band some potentially useful information before being healed and allowed to leave. He tells them that Octavian is looking to cast a ritual called "Litania Nihilis Atrorum" from a book called the "Principia Magica", but our man doesn't know where he is or what the ritual magic will do.

## Questions
* What is Octavian trying to Accomplish?  
* How is the Alpha Vampire involved?  
* How are the Werewolves involved?  
* Is Percival ok?  
* Does the reporter know anything?  

[back to index](index)