# Miracles and Maladies - Part II

December 4th 1896 - Late afternoon

Gabriel West (The Professional / Rhodri) and Kyle 'Nugget' Nuget (The Expert / JHM) are sitting comfortably in the lounge of the London gentlemen's club, Gabriel glances towards the tall window that looks out onto an on-going cricket game. Gebriel is twenty something, in a black clean suit, he blends in, there is nothing striking about him. Kyle on the other hand is a very rotund man, with a brown suit, white shirt and brown tie. The suit isn't all that much but the Fedora is perfect. Their boss James Clerkonwell Esq enters after being seen by the two men having a conversation with a man they know as Sean. He pulls them into his office and describes the situation, telling them they are to find George Banks in the Crooked Sparrow Inn in the village of Thornwick. They set off by train, using a coach taxi for the final leg to the village.

As they come past the old ruined Monastery, they spot some movement in the graveyard, it's but a flash, despite commenting on it they carry on into the village to meet George at the inn. Gabriel asks Silas for a private room and the have a discussion about what has happened and what they are to do. This discussion is interrupted by a scream from outside the pub and they can hear a commotion. They set off to investigate. As they exit the inn they see an animated skeleton walking slowly but inexorably down the street and towards the inn, they attempt to stop it without much success and on seeing it's destination and that it's not particularly interested in them they decide to follow it into the inn. As patrons and staff rush out the back into the private room the Skeleton and our hunters follow. The Skeleton appears to be heading for Silas, A shot gun blast is heard and the chest of the skeleton explodes, the legs keep heading for Silas. In the end the Skeleton is stuffed into a cupboard, minus a couple of toes that Kyle takes with him. Silas is interrogated but pleads his innocence seeming to know no reason for being targetted. They decide to head over to the rectory to get a look at the priests research they'd heard about from the verger, less worried about being spotted now as the situation has escalated. Outside the inn they meet Chief Inspector Barnes and his constables interviewing stunned witnesses and keeping the peace. There is a terse conversation and the hunters are told to keep out of official Police business, this is an instruction they ignore immediately.

They head around the church to the back door of the rectory, it's open, people are so trusting here. Our plucky heros split up, George and Kyle head for the study and Gabriel upstairs to snoop around. In the study they find local history books, details of a Brother Edmund who was put to death a hundred years ago by a group called The Hands of Purity. They hated the supernatural and were scared by it so they attempted to erradicate it by any means necessary. Even if that meant killing a brother of the monastery who was healing villagers with plant based remedies. There are also family trees of the villagers hung up around the walls of the room.

Upstairs, Gabriel is looking around the bedrooms and stumbles upon one that is occupied. He ducks back out of the room but not before he wakes up the person in the bed. They speak and Gabriel tries to calm the frightened man down, relenting he agrees to leave the house. 

The voice appears inside Georges head, asking for his help to find the remaining descendants of the Hands of Purity, of which after the priest only one remains, it's Silas Benedict. Who whilst innocent is still the descendant of a murderer. They agree to a meeting in the graveyard of the monastery, paupers section.

The man dressed in bed robes comes down the stairs after Gabriel and spots George, they recognise each other, it's the verger from earlier. He says he's been warned about them and despite protestations he throws them out of the house.

They head back to the inn, now that everything in the village square has quietened down, to speak to Silas and persuade him to come with them to the graveyard. He says he's innocent and he won't come so Gabriel moves the flap of his coat aside and shows him the shotgun that is stowed there. They all head off to the paupers section of the graveyard where they believe Brother Edmund to be buried. Edmund speak in all their heads now, asking if they have brought Silas for judgement, they say no they want to work something out. There is a skeleton pushing it's way out of the ground, Gabriel readies his flame thrower.
Kyle gathers wood, looking to start a fire. The flame thrower goes off, torches the skeleton, it also starts Kyle's fire and burns the leg of his trousers in the process, he rolls around on the floor trying to put it out but is so fat he can't reach. Gabriel and George help him.

George sees light coming down from the sky, it appears to be somewhere near the church. Edmund is getting more insistent about killing Silas, George being concerned about his safety atempts to bamf him away to the inn, but it turns out he's not as accurate when taking someone with him, he ends up bamfing to the rectory. As he arrives he sees two angels and now realises that they are probably here for him, likely the verger prayed after seeing the wings. He bamfs away again on his own this time back to the cemetary. Having bamfed away in front of the angels, they follow him easily.

Turns out the skeleton, wasn't Edmund. George asks the angels for help, offering to go quietly afterwards, and one of them points to another pauper's grave. They start digging but Kyle isn't really fit enough or the right shape to move much earth. With the knowledge that his number is up anyway, George sacrifices himself to Edmund in place of the innocent Silas in order to spare him. Skeletal hands come out of the earth and drag George under. There is a sigh from Edmund and he is heard of no more. The angels make a comment that perhaps George isn't as bad as they thought and saying goodbye to Gabriel and Kyle they bamf away.

The last two head back to the inn, muddy but warm in the knowledge that they have prevented the death of an innocent and found out about the Hands of Purity.

[back to index](index)
