# Mummy, and everyone else, rides again

December 19th 1896 - Evening

It's dark, Kyle is injured, Sterlinghart is along for the ride. Sean stands outside the church howls like a tortured werewolf, he then runs back into the church and heads for the passageway to the house. As Sean dives into the tunnel he looks back and sees the now fully formed ghost of Eketep who reminds Samuel that he's back. George, ready to set the home made incendiary device off also see this and the bandages that Eketep has now left on the floor. George tries to take the bandages to the bomb in order to burn them hoping it will exorcise the ghost of Eketep. Eketep sees this and throws George against the wall, moving his bandages away from the fire with some kind of telekinesis, similar to what Samuel has been able to do recently. George tries to talk his way out of it, and convince Eketep to burn the bandages but he's having none of it. George sets off the device and bamfs to Gabriel, almost knocking him over.

Back together now at the far end of the passage, there is a discussion about the ghost and what to do next. Kyle wonders if the ghost is bound to the tablet? Sean wants to burn the house and Lord Sterlinghart is very much against losing his home. Gabriel reading a bad situation, thinks the best way out is through the cellar as the house is still emptying of demons and werewolves into the garden to go that way. They head through the two rooms they have already seen, the old furniture and nic naks store and the room at the bottom of the stairs up to the house that was being used to hold the Sterlinghart family. Lord Sterlinghart asks Gabriel about the driver, to try and see if he can be trusted. Gabriel disliking the man says he is a good driver.

The next room is Lord Sterlinghart's wine cellar, Gabriel takes the opportunity to swipe a handy nice looking bottle and hide it in his coat. While here the ghost Samuel was after finally makes contact, says his name if Userkaf. There is a brief conversation, until the ghost of Eketep catches them up and start throwing wine bottles at everyone, no class what's so ever... Samuel tries to use his telekinesis to stop or at least deflect the bottles. George wants to find the bandages, and asks Samuel for help but he can't. Gabriel loads his shotgun with salt cartridges and gives Eketep both barrels, slowing him down a touch but not stopping him. Samuel and Userkaf are working together to try and forstall Eketep, they are at least holding their own if not slightly winning. George has a wild idea and turns wine into holy water, throwing it at Eketep but it seems to have little effect on the ghost as far as they can see. Sean tells Kyle to use the dagger thinking that as far as he knows it can kill anything. Kyle is worried about being touched by the ghost. George bamfs to the passage way and locates the bandages part way along it, he draws his flaming sword and puts them to the torch, Eketep screams and them fades. George sees a werewolf heading down the passage and bamfs back to Gabriel. He suggests they should leave, now. They say goodbye and thanks to Userkaf and head into the next room, which is a larder/pantry with stairs and a door up to the garden level. Gabriel tries to grab a tasty looking ham and gets some biscuits. The undercroft near the door has plenty of gardening tools. As the door is opened a coach is seen to arrive, three men dismount from inside the coach, it's Harrington Frostbane, Thurston Ashbriar and Tobias Langford all last seen heading to Kent on the night Kyle acquired the Ravenshade dagger. After a short discussion the three are met by others and head off towards the church, leaving only the driver and his coachman to see to the large carriage and four now dimly visible on the gravel. They start to look at unhitching the horses.

Gabriel thinks this would make a good getaway coach. George thinking practically asks if anyone can drive a coach and four. Gabriel replies in the affirmative but suggests darkly that the current driver might have to be dealt with. Several plans are discussed. Plan a) convince the coachmen that the tablet needs to be spirited away, Plan b) kill the coachmen, Plan c) George takes the tablet and bamfs away to safety. Gabriel grabs Lord Sterlinghart and suggests he pretends to have his hands shackled behind his back, Sean is to do the talking. He tells them that the boss sent them over and they need to get the prisoner and the tablet out of here quickly. The coachmen are not convinced. Gabriel hands the tablet to George, who tries to look old.

There is a discussion with the coachmen, but in the end werewolves from inside the house, the ones George had seen having followed them through passage and cellar, appear. Gabriel tries to use magic to bar the inside of the coach from the werewolves and succeeds. Sean up on top tries to whip the werewolf climbing up on the coach drivers seat but also hits the horses, who take off before anyone has rescued the reins from the ground. The coach was, as it had just arrived, pointing at the garden between the house and the stables so unable to steer that is the direction they go in. Over small hedges and flowerbeds and off into the parkland. There is a struggle to get control of the coach, before it attracts too much attention. Kyle, not feeling qualified to help shouts instruction from inside the coach. There are two werewolves hanging onto the side of the coach, Kyle successfully shoots at them with his magnum, loaded with silver bullets. Up front the werewolf shoves the remaining driver off, and Sean tries to stab it with his pocket knife, it ends up hanging off the coach by it's own speared hand. George shouts to Sean, can you steer this thing? Sean asks if someone can deal with the werewolf? George tries to chop the werewolf's hand off with his flaming sword from inside the coach. Sean jumps onto the first horse and tries to steer it from there, after reaching down and grabbing the reins, but the horse rears up becomes partially detached from the rest of the carriage. The group gets the horses and carriage back under control, and arcs them back towards the gate. Sean climbs back up on the the driving bench with Gabriel who almost falls off but is pulled back on.

Some demons not inhabiting hosts fly as black smokey forms towards the carriage as it nears the house. The demon smoke enters the carriage, and tries to possess Kyle by entering his body through his mouth. Samuel uses his psychic abilities to fight off the demon. George takes a leaf out of Gabriel's book and starts a spell to bar the coach to demons, it doesn't work brilliantly as it was done quickly but it will likely hold for a short time. Another demon goes for Sean, Gabriel tries to banish it as the coach heads past the house again and in the direction of the gate. Samuel tries to get to Sean and pull the demon clear. Everything ok as they clear the gate they turn the coach towards London, and fly past the remains of the coach that Kyle has destroyed earlier... 

## Questions
* Is that really the ignominious end of King Eketep?
* Will anyone by coach driving lesson for Gabriel's birthday?
* Will they escape?
* Or will the hoards of demons and werewolves catch them?
* It's a battle for the future of the world?
* Can Sean and Gabriel successfully drive the coach?
* Is Kyle getting hungry?
* How long will the demon bar work for?

[prev](part-024) - [back to index](index) - [next](part-026)
