# Miracles and Maladies - Part 1

December 3th 1896 - Early afternoon

George Banks (The Divine / Tom) and Sean (The Mundane / JonP) are sitting in the gentlemen's club in London that serves as the headquarters of The Order of the Veiled Dawn. The room is opulent, wood panelled, green leather, huge leather armchairs, a set of double doors lead to a billiard room with shelves of books around the walls. Cigar smoke hangs in the air. The Order is a society tasked with investigating and resolving paranormal and supernatural occurrences. George has a drink and a cigar and is reading the paper, Sean is sitting pondering the world with a drink. In walks The leader of the Order, James Clerkonwell, surprised by the lack of people he comments out loud and seeing that George and Sean are the only men present invites them to his office to discuss a case he wants them to investigate urgently. They walk down to the office slowly, nothing is done fast in a gentlemen's club.

Clerkonwell tells them about the happenings in the village of Thornwick, a priest has been performing miracles, healings and such, there have been some strange goings on with the recipients (he doesn't have the details), but he does know the priest was found dead in suspicious circumstances and wants our two plucky investigators to get there quickly before the officers from Scotland Yard and find out what is going on. Their carriage awaits at the front door. Unsure if it is his preferred carriage George decides to travel by angel wings, as he has been to the village before. He offers to take Sean with him, but Sean prefers the comfort and dependability of the coach and he passes on the winged transport.

Eager to get out of the London Smog they set off. It takes Sean a couple of hours to get there, whereas George appears in a wooded area near the village instantly. He heads for the road and as he walks in the direction of the village he meets a confused looking man coming thw other way who thinks his name is Kendrick and appears to be looking for Geoff. George tries to help Kendrick realising that he is not of his right mind and could be in some danger... Kendrick turns him down and becomes a little violent so George leaves him be and heads for the pub in the village where Clerkonwell has secured lodgings for them.

Walking through the misty afternoon air and into The Crooked Sparrow, all conversation stops and everyone looks around at the strange tall newcomer in his fancy London suit and dark lensed steampunkesque spectacles that hide his golden angel eyes. He chats to the barkeep, one Silas Benedict, orders what could pass for whisky and tries to find out about the Rev Harrington and his strange death. The barkeep is tight lipped but does let on that both his and Harrington's families have lived in the village for generations and that Rev Harrington was the last of his line.

After a time Sean's carriage nears the village and he also has to deal with Kendrick wandering the wrong way to the village still in search of Geoff. Sean, in his shabby suit that has seen better days jumps down from the coach. He has more luck persuading Kendrick to come with him, and Kendrick seems to regain some cognition after a slug of brandy from the carriage bar. They arrive at the pub and enter, Kendrick is still looking for Geoff, whereas Sean is looking for some food, he is offered beef stew and a "whisky" but knows it won't be what he thinks of as whisky. They find out from the barkeep the names and location of some residents that had been the recipients of miracles. Little Jimmy, cured of Polio, the confused Robert Kendrick, and Ruby Costigan, cured of speaking in tongues. The two men pass the rest of the evening in the pub and retire to their bedchambers eager to begin the investigation proper the following morning.

December 4th 1896 - Mid morning

After what passes for breakfast at the pub the next morning they head off to speak to Ruby. On getting no answer at the door, George looks in through a window and sees Ruby on the floor of her bedchamber. They enter the house and ascertain that Ruby is still alive, but drunk out of her skull. The divine George lays his hands upon her and she near instantly sobers up. Once recombobulated she describes the miracle that the Rev Harrington seemed to perform, she lay on the bed and heard him have a conversation out loud in English with someone, although no one else was in the room. She assumed he was talking to God and that was who was responsible for the miracle. She explains that she had been ok after the miracle but had then fallen into depression and was using drink and drugs to help her through the days. George spotting that she had become and alcoholic, sends her to the pub with a message for Silas to give her a room and food, he suggests she drinks water but soon regrets his choice of destination when she seems so keen to go to the pub. Whoops. Once she has gone they look around for clues but find nothing out of the ordinary.

They head to the church to look at the body, where they meet Jonas Crabtree the priest's verger laying out hymn books. He is initially reluctant to let them see the body but they convince him they are the expected police officers from Scotland Yard. He describes the scene of the crime, since he was the one to find the body. The Rev Harrington was laid out in a cross, head towards the altar, dead, no marks on him, no wounds or stigmata, a cup of what they think is hemlock is smashed on the floor and many silver objects are strewn over the corpse. In the crypt they confirm this by looking at the freakishly preserved corpse. Sean notices that there are exactly 30 pieces of silver, and the verger reminds them of the biblical connection since this was the sum given to Judas when he betrayed Jesus. [retcon as I forgot] They are look upon the body, it decomposes rapidly before their eyes, as if something is making a point. [/retcon] At this point they hear what sounds like people enter the church above, suspecting it might be the real police officers they try to persuade the verger to stay in the crypt while they go up, George give the verger a donation in order to seal the deal. They were right it was a large well dressed man in a bowler hat and a couple of constables in uniform. The two hunters talk their way out of it... Sean almost speaking in tongues in a bid to bamboozle the detectives and make a bid for the door.

We cut to the scene in the church as everything is explained to the police officers and the large man looks very angry about the impersonation, our plucky heroes have probably not heard the end of this.

As the hunters leave the church they hear screaming coming from across the square, from a house they remember is where little Jimmy lives. They introduce themselves to the parents, and are told that Jimmy has become violent with fits very recently. George convinces them he can help and they are led up to Jimmy's room. On entering, Jimmy is hunched on the bed arms wrapped around his knees. They speak with him in an effort to soothe him but after initial success there seems to be an internal conflict in Jimmy and he become deranged again launching himself at George as he approaches arms flailing and mouth biting. George tries to grapple him and with the help of Sean and a blanket they wrap him back up in the blanket and inadvertently invent the straight jacket. They hear a voice in their minds "I know who you are... I will have my vengeance", George remarks to Sean that he thinks there is a vengeful spirit involved and that they should go and look at the Rev Harrington's notes in his rectory, but they might need to do it at night. Since it's currently 2pm Sean sets off back to London to get the help they think they will need.

[back to index](index)
