# George gets his arse handed to him

With Kyles still recovering from losing some of his memory the previous night and George off trying to help Vanessa, the Times reporter, Gabriel, Sean and Samuel are explaining to Clerkonwell what happened in Kent. He asks about George, and Gabriel throws George under the bus, telling the boss about a relationship between George and Vanessa, Clerkonwell asks if he needs to be worried. They also talk about the coach driver and Gabriel asks that he be reassigned. Clerkonwell suggests Gabriel speaks to the maintenance crew about getting his coach repaired.

George, worried that he is heading into a trap, pulls up his public coach outside the address he has been given. It's a white town house, with a cast iron gate, steps leading up to a front door and also down to a basement entrance. He heads up to the front door and knocks, there is no answer, he hears only faint growling. Heading down to the basement door, and using his burning sword George melts away the metal keeping the door locked. He sneaks in, and heads up the stairs. On entering the central hall of the house he sees doors to the front, that he assumes are to the front door and a door to the rear of the house that is likely a kitchen. He makes a snap decision and kicks open the door to the front of the house, to be confronted by two full werewolves. Still holding his sword of holy fire he charges the werewolves who although startled do not back down and George can see their claws come out and hackles come up. Battle is joined but the werewolves are too much for George and although he gets a good swipe in with the flaming sword, they bite and claw him badly he believes he is going to lose this fight. He bamfs to Gabriel, he's on his own so his aim is true and he appears next to Gabriel recovering some time after his meeting with Clerkonwell as the comrades relax in the private Order parlour at the Ambers Society.

They are shocked by the appearance of George, cut up as he is. Sean falls over, Gabriel grabs a first aid kit and starts to tend to George's many small wounds. After George has regaled them with the tale of the fight, they discuss whether to try and save Vanessa. She is an innocent after all.

They head out in a spare coach, back to the address given to George and also the scene of his recent beating. Samuel heads in through the wall next to the front door to scope things out, he sees the werewolves, knowing they are the same ones George fought by the sword wound one of them is carrying. They both have shotguns and unload on an unworried Samuel. However the salt shots that come his way sting quite badly and he sinks through the floor into the basement. The werewolf continues to tend to his comrade with the sword wound.

Gabriel takes the others in via the open basement door, they sneak well and are unheard as they get back up into the hallway. The Werewolves have moved and the blood trail leads into the kitchen at the back of the house. Sean meanwhile having again tried the front door, sneaks around back and sets up a sniper nest on the back wall with a reasonable view into the kitchen through the back door

As they advance on the kitchen they are met with the scene of Vanessa, tied to a chair, the hurt werewolf standing beside her and the other werewolf crouched behind her seemingly untying her bonds. Our heroes snap into action, Gabriel tries to shoot the hurt werewolf, Sean tries to shoot the crouched one from outside the back door, George rushes the hurt werewolf with his sword, part distraction for the others part aching desire to gut the mangy dog.

It'd a partial success, the hurt werewolf goes down from sword and silver bullet, but Sean's shot misses and hits Vanessa in the upper arm. It was always a risk and he knew it.

The remaining werewolf decides it's time to bail out. George tries to hit him and nearly sets the house on fire getting his sword trapped in the wooden worktop. The werewolf heads for the back door. Samuel uses his ghostly magic to trip him as he heads down the back stairs to the yard, and Sean plugs him with the other barrel of his gun. Sean then stabs the second werewolf and holds the knife in the wound. They try to interrogate the dying werewolf and get a name Isolde Windwhisper who they are told heads up the werewolves in London.

With the action over, Vanessa loses it. She is calmed by Gabriel, both with words and drugs from his kit. George also tries to soothe her while Gabriel switches into medic mode to try and staunch the bleeding. They move her to the sitting room, George and Gabriel argue over what to do with her, George would rather take her to the club but Gabriel isn't at all keen. Vanessa promises not to say anything, so they go. They use the bodies of the dead werewolves to brace the door they can no longer lock and they head out.

They are heading for an Order safe house, the safe house manager leaves the usual signal that the safe house is in fact safe. The safe house manager is also a traditional housekeeper. The house itself is a sturdy affair, with shabby but solid furniture and solid wooden floors. The walls are painted, the furniture looks second hand but was probably once expensive. There are two main rooms, a hallway, reception room, kitchen and bedroom.

When she gets some of her wits back, Vanessa asks George what he is after seeing his wings. He tells her he is an angel. Gabriel explains that the other characters are werewolves. She admits to being very scared of ghosts. Samuel introduces himself and she faints. Sean makes arrangement with the driver to get someone to sort out the mess at the house. Vanessa then explains the letter, she had been down by the slaughter house following the tip off from George (Gabriel) and overheard them talking about something going down in a couple of days. They try to convince Vanessa not to report anything and maybe to join the the Order of the Veiled Dawn, subject to Clerkonwell's approval. They leave Vanessa in the safe house, with some cash and the housekeeper to look after her.

## Questions
* How will Clerkonwell react to the news about George and Vanessa?
* Will George be more careful when rushing into danger?
* Will Vanessa be thankful for the rescue or will she be angry at getting shot?
* What can they do with the information about Isolde Windwhisper leading the London Werewolves?
* Will Vanessa stay silent or will her reporters instincts for a good story kick in?
* What's going down in a couple of days?

[back to index](index)