# Samuel's backstory flashback episode

The flashback, Samuel Fitzwilliam orgin story episode...

It's some time before the events of last week when Samuel hasn't yet joined the Order. George and Gabriel have been sent by Clerkonwell to the British Library to relieve their occult vault of a precious text, the "Magicus McGuffinus" that is relevant to a case the Order are working on. They need to break into the vault in broad daylight, knowing that it is sheilded against magic, angel wings, demons etc.

They decide to disguise themselves, Gabriel plays a wealthy American and George his long sufferring translator. There is Mr Sanders, white suit, white van dyke, half cut glasses, a cane, gold jewelery, forged documents from a famous dignatory in New Orleans. With his translator, Eric Van Clasenhall a historian from The Hague and an expert in Ancient Egypt with a really terrible Dutch accent. They attempt to talk their way down to the vault floor by asking to see the Egyptian vault with artefacts from the tomb of Tuttenkarmon, especially an important chamber pot.

When they get down to the vault floor via stairs through the cellar storage floor, they judo chop the head librarian Jasper Emberwick on the neck and he falls to floor, they prop him up in a chair and proceed to the Occult Vault. After opening the vault, they realise they are now locked in, the vault has many books and objects of magical importance. They meet Samuel, starting to talk to him in character and then after some time they drop the accents. They also meet the guardian of the vault who askes them to solve the following riddles before he will help them or at least not kill them. `I have cities, but no houses. I have mountains, but no trees. I have water, but no fish. What am I?` and `The one who makes me, sells me. The one who buys me, never uses me. The one who uses me never knows they're using me. What am I?` With the riddles answered correctly the guardian asks which book they are looking for, they lie, requesting "Coffee McPowers, Magical book or prowess" and head off to find the legendary book. George fails and gets trapped and bound, having to answer another two riddles to get free `This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays kings, ruins towns, And beats high mountains down.` and `I speak without a mouth and hear without ears. I have no body, but I come alive with wind. What am I?`. Gabriel finds the correct book and hides it in his jacket. They chat with Samuel, who questions their motives. George asks magically if Samuel is a good person (the right kind of people). They agree to team up and there is a last riddle to escape the vault `The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?` which comes from a book on guardians.

Outside the vault Jasper has gone and they can hear an alarm sounding. They head up one floor and use things lying around to disguise themselves as janitors. Samuel tells them about the case in Jasper's office that they will need to grab if they are to take him with them back to the order. They are planning to pretent to be cleaners to be able to move around the building. On the main library floor they are spotted by Lucinda who originally greeted them at the front desk. Gabriel knocks his leg on the bannister and feigns injury, Lucinda helps him to a seat and goes for tea. George and Samuel head up the stairs to the offices and decide on the code word "wings" if things get interesting. In the office, after a short conversation, George hits Jasper again and then bamfs back to the order. He misses and ends up dropping Samuel+case in the street outside the club. Gabriel gets out of the library in the confusion and heads back to the club. It all ends well but potentially bridges burnt at the library.

## Questions
What else in in that magical vault?  
Would they be recognised if they went back?  
Will the library beef up security on the vault?  

Answers to riddles, map, coffin, time, echo, footsteps  