# Check out the theatre full of vamps

December 7th 1896 - Late morning

Sean, Gabriel and Kyle are sitting in the lounge of The Ambers Society, their private members club near Westminster? The boss James Clerkonwell walks in and summons them to his office.

James Clerkonwell - "Right Sean, Gabriel and Kyle back from Thornhill, I read your report, looks like you dealt with the threat but it wasn't exactly clandestine was it, too much flashing of wings to villagers and that tab from The Crooked Sparrow, my god I nearly spat my tea over my desk.
Right anyway, we've heard from out network of informants that there is something serious going down, we don't know what yet or who is behind it but it seems the supers are organising, this can only be a bad thing. We're putting together a team to investigate Gabriel, Sean and Kyle and I'm adding Samuel Fitzwilliam to beef this team up a bit.
Now what we know so far is that it involves some vampires, that's what all the chat has been about. There is a nest somewhere, which probably means an alpha and some children, I don't need to tell you that we don't like vamps especially after the Whitechapel fiasco last year, let's not have a repeat of that please.
Right get to know each other and then find these vamps, the resources of the Veiled Dawn are at your mercy including the reliquary if things get interesting.
Remember your training, these things can be deadly, a stand-up fight with the supers you are going to get hurt. As you've been shown look for an advantage there is almost always some smarter way to deal with things to swing the confrontation in your favour. I shouldn't have to say this but remember that you are a team, work together, look out for each other when things get tough, you can bet the supers will...this isn't some medieval sword and sorcery fairy story"

The team and Samuel introduce themselves to each other, and discuss amongst other things ghosts and trains, two of them being big fans. They also discuss ideas for how to find the nest of vampires. Heading out of Clerkonwell's office they see George Banks sitting in his favourite chair, supping on a nice looking whisky. After all George doesn't drink anything else. He explains to his shocked friends that sacrifice plays quite well upstairs and he's been sent back down to help out again with his name now cleared.

Checking out the papers for suspicious deaths they find an article written by a Vanessa Waverly describing a murder the other day in theatre land where a man had sustained a vicious neck wound. They decide to go pay her a visit in the carriage.

Pulling up outside the offices of The Times newspaper, Sean leads them in. Samuel being a ghost is riding in Gabriel's pocket so as not to arouse interest. She is summoned by the desk clerk and leads them up to an empty meeting room. Sean cleans off a chair for Gabriel to sit on. She gives more details that she'd deliberately left out of her article so as not to panic the public, the puncture wounds and lack of blood and the location, the back of The Grand Theatre on Drury Lane. The group tell her they plan to investigate, and offer to let her know if they find anything. She says she has recently read the just released Dracula by Bram Stoker and that there were similarities and that she is looking similar cases and thinks she may have found one from a week prior. She's very keen to prove it's a serial killer so she can name him and write the article and dine out on the fame. They tell her if she needs to get in touch, to go to the Ambers Society and ask for Gabriel West. The suspicion of a number of the team is that she's a little sweet on Gabriel.

Sean and Samuel head to the morgue to examine the body, whereas George and Gabriel head to the back of the Grand Theatre to have a poke around.

At the morgue, Samuel uses his ability to pass through walls to head down to where the bodies are kept. He confirms that the neck wound looks vampiric and that there seems to have been an exsanguination on the basis of very little post-mortem bruising. Sean considers coming in to help out but decides against it. Samuel tries to use magic to find the man's clothes but ends up setting the jute bag containing them on fire in the process. Not being able to touch it his attempts to put the fire out end up distributing the clothes to all parts of the room. At least he can get a good look at them now, but doesn't find anything interesting, they appear to be the sort of clothes the goons of a crime boss might wear, good enough but not posh in any way.

At the back of the theatre, Gabriel and George find the pile of rubbish the body was hidden in, according to Vanessa. They also notice that this area is backed onto by three theatres, The Grand, The Grand Ole Opre and another they know has been closed down for at least 6 months, with all the windows and doors boarded up. Gabriel looks for clues and finds a chunk of fur on a sharp piece of wood, he thinks it might be canine. George tries the magic route to see if a prayer to upstairs will show him what happened. The scene he sees shows three vampires and 2 werewolves fighting, the vampires injure a werewolf who runs off into the night and they then set about killing the other which it turns out was the dead body discovered under the pile of theatre rubbish. George's glowing body from the magic does attract unwanted attention in the form of a man keen to know what the actual fuck they are doing there. They try to explain that they are rehearsing a scene for a play, he's not convinced so they improvise something that might have been a bit like Shakespeare's Macbeth. The combination of the Scottish accent and the shock at him using the word Macbeth vaguely convince him and he leaves.

Everyone heads back to the club, and a plan is formed to come back in the evening and scope out the place. Gabriel researches vampires and werewolves and relays the information he finds to the others. Our plucky hunters decide to come loaded for bear just in case, a good job as it turned out... Gabriel has silver bullets and shotgun cartridges with little spikes in them. Sean has his express rifle with silver bullets and a silvered knife. George blesses a very small amount of holy water. Seeing this Gabriel asks for his flamethrower fuel to be blessed and made holy too, George obliges. Samuel the elizabethan ghost has nothing but his wits and his magic ability to violently propel wood if needs be.

When they get back to the theatre about 7pm they set up to watch. Gabriel leans up against a post out the front of the theatre, Samuel secrets himself in dark corner. George bamfs himself and Sean up to the rooftop of the Grand Ole Opre to give Sean a decent view of the courtyard with his express rifle. While scoping out targets Sean notices that the boarding over the backdoor of the theatre is blowing a little too freely for something that is supposed to be nailed down. Samuel is sent to investigate and finds that not only has the boarding been jimmied but the door is open as well, giving access to the back of the theatre. He floats in undetected as only a ghost can... and takes up a position off to one side of the back of the stage. What he sees is incredible, There are five what he assumes are vampires hanging from the rafters above the stage with their arms crossed over their chests, the international symbol of sleeping vampires. But there is more, a man with a lantern and a big bag on the stage and up in the gods, another man with a rope trying to tie it around the legs of one of the sleeping vampires. Also it appears that the vampires have been tranquillised as Samuel can see darts sticking out of each of them. The man on the stage turns and sniffs the air like an animal, our hunters immediately think werewolf.

Samuel calls in Gabriel, who once he has silently moved the boarding from the door easily sneaks in and takes up a position near the stage. They also call in the other two, who initially aren't keen but eventually decide to join the party. George tries to bamf them down to the door, but in his excitement misses slightly and smacks Sean into the wall, Sean is lucky to walk away without a scratch. They head in and take up positions...

A bold plan is hatched. Samuel will use his magic to tie the man in the gods up with his own rope. With the help of Gabriel, Sean will shoot the man on the stage with his rifle and massive silver bullet. George will be on hand to bamf around and try to deal with anything that goes wrong. They execute the plan...

## Questions
* Will Vanessa become a useful friend to the hunters?  
* Will the magic rope trick work?  
* Will Sean's shot kill his target?  
* Why are the possible werewolves not killing the vampires?  
* What could they possibly want with one?  
* Did they come up with this plan on their own?  
* Will the vampires wake up and kill everyone... join us for the next episode  

[back to index](index)
